If you are familiar with python and python libraries, 
just install 'wolframalpha' module used in this program by the command 'pip install wolframalpha' in IDE terminal or Linux
or by 'python -m pip install wolframalpha' in windows cmd or Powershell if not installed before and run the program 
with any IDE or terminal.
And skip the last paragraph.

You can edit the input parameter by changing the value in the 'input data.txt' file.
Remember! Don't change the format and sequences in this file. Just simply Modify the data.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You must have to install python. You can install python in two ways.
	1. From python's official website.
		Download and install the same way as other programs from this link.
		Link: https://www.python.org/downloads/
	2. From the Microsoft store.
		Link: https://www.microsoft.com/store/productId/9P7QFQMJRFP7
Now you can run the python interpreter in two ways.
	1. From an IDE. Most used IDE is pycharm. Install PyCharm and run the program. You can install it from this link.
		Link: https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/download/
	2. From Terminal. For this:
		Open cmd(Command prompt) or PowerShell. Type 'python --version' and hit enter. If you install from Windows store
		you will get the python version. But if you install it from the python website it will say 
		'python is not recognized'. Don't worry. You have to set 'python' as 'system variable'.
		Click on the windows search icon and type 'Edit environment'. From the search result click on 
		'Edit environment variables for your account.
		Click 'new', give variable name 'path' or anything, give the path where 'python.exe' located 
		in 'variable' value'.
		It's generally installed in 'C:\Users\Ismail\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python39'.
		Here 'Ismail' is the user of my PC and 3.9 is the python version.
		You can see the location by searching 'Python' in the search bar and click 'open file location.'

		Now again type in cmd 'python --version' and hit 'enter'. I think everything is okay.

Now you have to download a library nammed 'wolframalpha'
If you installed PyCharm or any IDE, go to the IDE terminal and give command:
		pip install wolframalpha
If you are using cmd or powershell then open cmd or powershell and give command:
		python -m pip install wolframalpha
		

You must download and extract the file. If you don't, you can't read this. I assume you don't rename any file.
Go to the folder of the file and single click on the folder. Then click and hold 'Shift' and 'Right click' on the mouse. 
Click 'open command window' or 'Open PowerShell window here'. Now type 'python savitsky.py' and hit 'enter'

Now the program is started!